fix numbering and add missing initialize_mode instruction (#103)
ut-issl/s2e-documents: Tutorials/GettingStarted.md

   - In this base file, other initialize files are defined.
   - You can see simulation conditions as time definitions, randomize seed definitions, etc. 
4. Open `sample_satellite.ini`, which is the file to set the spacecraft parameters.
5. Edit the value of angular momentum `initial_angular_velocity_b_rad_s(0-2)` in the `[Attitude]` section as you want.

> 6. Edit the value of `initialize_mode` from `CONTROLLED` to `MANUAL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Edit the value of `initialize_mode` to `MANUAL` when it is `CONTROLLED`.
```

[WANT] I'd like to change the default value of the `initialize_mode` as `MANUAL` by this [PR](https://github.com/ut-issl/s2e-core/pull/567). So, I suggest this modification to clarify the tutorial sequence.
